november to discuss the film factory today
i for you captain philips is the
new movie with tom hanks by paul
greengrass and he already has that
bourne ultimatum
staged the whole series and the
history here is extremely short
summarize
Tom Hanks plays Captain Richard
Phillips and he is on the high seas in
africa on the way and only becomes ship
suddenly pirated by pirates and so on
I do not mean jack sparrow right now
but really African pirates
They want to take the ship apart
sell everything and take the complete
crew is offered as hostage sacrifices
a bit too heroic but the danger
just now they will be the hostages all
kill
and what happens just like the whole
Looks you can see here
but
we have a problem with the ship
too stressed we have none
more power
that means the computer is now
put online
the ship is broken nobody
david hurt if you do not
power games
I was a bit skeptical at first
Can a movie of yes only on
a boat plays for 135 minutes
not really complete the whole
runtime entertained on the other
I was very happy again
hopeful with tom hanks is playing
that has the traffic trail made was
the whole movie alone has been with
volleyball entertained even that was
entertaining
So he should be able to do that
I can say in advance that he
but unfortunately I have to
also say that the beginning a bit
slow he is somehow even
not out of order and everything in the
told first fifteen minutes
is completely irrelevant so me
do not learn the captain now
know what else in the other
Course of action is important to me
It would be a mistake if it was right on
would start more
if it is a blatant for you now
is spoiler I am sorry saves has
not directly on the ship but
just comes a bit
Vorgeplänkel
that would be complete for me
The film could almost be deleted
perfect was not deleted
but is also alright then just the
second half is so abnormally crass
exciting that you really like that
Fingernails his wants to get away like
such a corncob
that's extremely good and tom hanks delivers
his best performance really again
guests from so this comparison is the
not unfounded since eleven
Tom finally has stallion again
his big role in kempten philips
found and that makes me very happy
It used to be like that for me in the past
absolute you have to go to the cinema if
tom stallions has made new film and
maybe he will come to that level
then yes back again now I have
but extremely praised by the stallion and that
is also because I have the names of
the African pirates just not
can pronounce yes so could read
or it does not work
And they are also extremely good
So just occupied this torn
also comes between these characters
very good and I have him in the
Originally seen there you have to say that
just this mother tongue and
broken english to tom hanks
that he has become extremely horny because of it
fits well and I can not
imagine that in the synchro
should work
also because everyone kind of moma and the question
from tom hanks when he was from the pirates
importantly that sounds kinda weird
but just by how is it breathed or
what is left for noises?
By the way, I can do that
really just imagine that
works if you are exactly in
the cell was crying and not in his
studio I'm curious what
but like to teach me a better
but also the music is very good
chosen so that's all right
that's not over the top
You also save on the whole
runtime actually with pathos that is
insane
The American flag does not come at all
so often in the picture but always when
it is all right a little
teeny tiny little problem have
I still with the film because of the film
but not for that but that's something
if you know it's a true one
history and reads a bit already
in advance, that 's the story
captain phillips was here in 2009
I know already roughly how it
if it is on the book of
the same captain based there is then
just a bit of tension when you get out
has always remembered that
somehow that will already be
it's kinda stupid because of that
that takes a bit in the meantime
but the tension is out there overall
so well staged and just at the end
if tom hanks really so completely
I want to solve them
really take in the arm and say it
it will be fine somehow
is only called acting on the
hit point and I can with
quite imagine that this year
or 2014 for the stallion
again an oscar nomination is due
We are waiting for everyone
case a recommendation for captain philips
who is now for captain philips one
Buy tickets for the cinema are the people
thrillers in confined spaces like so
really not much space is this like
if you are concentrated in the cinema seat
feels it is just right for you
also for people the history at that time
maybe have tracked or that
like general if so true
stories to the cinema are also times
get a feel for what's up
actually still in this so-called
reality then it is just right
for you
who should not watch the movie?
People are a bit scared
at the same time have this close
say good if it's a true story
is because so roughly how it turns out there
also rather uninteresting but also people
a little bit
to be afraid of this whole topic and
I say that now quite consciously because he
is a bit scary and me
This movie would not necessarily be
on a cruise in the cabin
I would really let it show
and who also feels that way
not who it is what it should be
leave and then rather at home completely
sure times on the sofa this film
enjoy because for the cinema he is then for
you too intense my personal
Rating are sour good saustark
8 out of 10 score tiny weaknesses
has the film just as I said at the beginning
just a little something to paint out
then the movie would be better and would
nevertheless this same
cause identification potential
what you need to get with the captain
to cheer on but played it extremely well
very oppressive great pictures right
good director great cut that is
really everything turned out well small
weaken it's then just a
a little deduction is at the end at eight of
ten points that was my love for
captain philips and of you i would like
Now know where the little comeback of
tom hanks there is what actor
you have not seen for a long time and me from
you would like him one more time
great movie wish actresses
are of course also allowed writes
that my comments are pure
But who would you prefer that again?
want to see the coach looking from the left
There is another review below
right you know the game as well
how to subscribe to the channel or to
facebook instagram and twitter are coming
If all this already works I am glad
soon to welcome there too
may as well as soon here again
the film factory at a new
Film criticism with me the dornick